Okay, this test recording is going to be for the purpose of seeing if I can appropriately organize my thoughts with the awareness that this transcript will be read by a large language language. Today's topic is going to be concerning the LogoMesh Agent Beats project, specifically concerning the organization of documents and log files in our repository. 

Something that I first wanted to address was the confusion in our first and second group meetings ahead of my meeting with DeepTee. DeepTee is spelled D-E-E-P-T-I. Okay. 

What I specifically wanted to address was the confusion surrounding the implementation of the math formulas that were proposed for the contextual integrity score in the subfolder of docs slash IP something. I think it's called docs slash IP. I forgot the subfolder. So the subfolder specifically is docs slash IP slash I think draft documents inside of that. And then it would be section 2.2 within that subfolder. So that file specifically refers to the proposed contextual integrity scoring system. It contains some proposed math equations that have to do with vector embeddings and graph theory. So if the LLM that's listening to this or reading this transcript right now isn't able to identify the directory that I mentioned, just use a search tool and look for graph theory and vector embeddings and then you'll probably be able to find it. Another term that's used in that document is semantic depth. So if you search that, you'll probably be able to find that document. So that document was not understood by anybody on the team. Nobody on the team knows anything about graph theory or specifically anything to do with that. So one of my main goals for this upcoming week is to find somebody that can help elaborate on that document and explain the proposed functions. I am going to use AI to do this too, but I need human eyes to look at this because there's a lot of context that surrounds this file specifically. And the logic that is in this file is being considered to be implemented into the large overarching plan, the development plan specifically, as well as the draft research paper. So it's important that the math logic in this document actually gets read over by a human and gets contextualized to the rest of the documents in the repository. So that is one big agenda item. I'm going to end the recording now. 