This transcribed log file is going to be for unanswered questions. Question number one will be what IDE are my teammates using? Are they using VS code? Are they using some other platform that I'm not aware of? How are the judges expected to look at our repository through the AgentBeats SDK? And what platform are they going to be using that best works with our Docker modules or whatever? Another thing is how am I going to establish asynchronous meetings? Another thing I'm going to establish is how do I keep track of my teammates' current understanding of the repository? How do I figure out what they understand about the repository and what they're still confused about? And how do I manage them so that they don't have to understand everything that's going on, but they can focus on stuff that they can absolutely help me with? So I'll probably have to get some information about their current skillset from their LinkedIns, ask them a few personal questions about their listed LinkedIn skillsets, and kind of go from there as a bouncing off point, because that's all the available information I have about them. So I should start by asking them more personal questions maybe. So what kind of questions should I ask them to make myself a better project manager? Another question that I have is, as somebody who understands the very high level overarching plans and themes of the project, how do I manage all the specifics without getting bogged down? And so when it comes to assigning team roles, I don't know. 

When it comes to the... Oh, another question for myself. When it comes to the contextual integrity score, I need to understand it to some extent. Samuel provided me some web links that kind of break it down a little bit, but I need to understand the functionality and the logic of the score. And after I do that, I need to theorize how much the score may be adapted as we undergo the revisionary process of both the paper and the project plans. One of my concerns is that, for example, we may just implement the logic for the CIS as of section 2.2 in the docs-revisions subfolder. And then later on, we may change the math logic and have it deviate from this document. So, how do we make sure that when we do that, we still have all documentation updated, all recent documentation? So, I guess that's kind of a question in, like, how do we manage archiving outdated documents? But, you know, I'm kind of spiraling in circles about that already, because I'm already undergoing my documentation revision plan. So, maybe this question isn't really about specifics, but it's just like an overarching worry of accumulating further contextual debt. So, maybe what I should be asking is how do I make sure that my teammates keep everything up to date in terms of their own documentation? So, maybe I should standardize something. Maybe I should have them undergo personal calls and record their screens, share their screens with me so that I can see what they're doing initially, and then direct them to follow a simple pattern every single time that they open up the repository. That should be pretty simple. Okay. 