On the eastern front of Ukraine, a
Russian soldier crouches down in his
foxhole as AIdirected smart artillery
pinpoints his exact location and adds
him to the list of potential targets.
Across the world in the US, Amazon
employees are monitored and their
behavior is logged. Later analysis will
reveal how their managers can squeeze as
much productivity out of them as
possible. Meanwhile, in the UK, a local
police department is using software to
monitor the community they're meant to
protect. They'll build a wider view of
problem areas while also creating
specific profiles on the people most
likely to commit crimes. So what links
all of these things together? The data
analysis giants known as Palanteer whose
software models are embedded in every
level of society and who's really
pulling the strings there? Well, it's
time to introduce you to the main
characters behind this new Orwellian
takeover. Starting with Peter Thiel.
Peter Thiel can trace his multi-billion
dollar fortune and his immense levels of
power to his founding role in PayPal.
Tal was at the heart of the so-called
PayPal mafia. You might know some of the
other members, the creators of LinkedIn,
the co-founders of YouTube, the CEO of
Yelp, or even Elon Musk. Now, lots of
future technocrats involved with PayPal
learned key lessons of the company.
Lessons which taught them how to make
far more money from their own endeavors
later on. As the once CEO of PayPal and
one of its biggest shareholders, Teal
was a central figure and he was no
different. Of course, Teal has been well
known as a visionary investor for quite
some time with a lot of his reputation
coming down to how he was the very first
person to invest in Facebook. His
$500,000 angel investment was estimated
to have been sold for over $1 billion
when he finally left the company.
However, for years, Teal was also
certain that underwater homes were going
to take off, and he put millions into
companies pushing these pipe dreams. So,
they weren't all winners, as you'd
expect. But a PayPal though, Tiel
learned about the importance of data and
data analysis. You see, it all revolved
around one of the biggest problems for
PayPal when they were just getting
started, fraud. A former marketing
director called Eric Jackson wrote that
the company was losing
$2,300 every single hour to fraud at one
point in its rise. At first, the company
used the same methods as traditional
banks to try and stop it. But the
international, digital, and instant
nature of the service they offered made
this untenable in the long run, and so
they needed some Silicon Valley
innovation. One new method was the early
adoption of what we now know as capture
technology. While offering little
resistance for regular users, it was a
big hurdle for malicious bots and cyber
attacks the company had lost so much
money to before. But the one that really
caught Peter Till's interest was called
Eigor. After a scammer who had taunted
the company very early on in its history
by analyzing small details and detecting
almost imperceptible patterns in the
data from new users, Eagle could detect
likely fraudsters and pass that info
onto PayPal's employees. This one
program laid the groundwork for a
company that would change the face of
the entire world. And it was all down to
the way that they solved the problem.
PayPal, unlike the entrenched banking
world, had access to all of their data
in one place. The issue was that they
had far too much of it to make sense of
the digital transactions, the endless
details of how much was sent and where
and who buy and the patterns it created.
It was all far too much information for
a human mind to make sense of. But with
PayPal, all of this was in one place,
and they had used new technology to make
sense of it. But other companies and
institutions had multiple databases,
lots of different types of information,
all separate from each other. And so it
was nearly impossible for them to get
real accurate information from it all
and turn it into an actionable strategy.
And that's where Peter Thiel would come
in. His idea was relatively simple
really. He would use his newfound
millions to create the best and most
efficient data analysis company on the
planet. It wasn't a unique idea at the
time, of course, but the way that Peter
Till went about creating it was. While
other Silicon Valley types and even his
ex-colagues in the PayPal mafia stayed
within the Silicon Valley bubble, he
chose to branch out. His new company,
Palanteer, wasn't going to take the same
steps that other companies would.
Founded in 2003, they were going to
blend two very different, almost
antagonistic worlds together. The first
sign of this was who Peter Thiel and his
other partners chose as the new CEO for
the company, a man called Alex Cop. From
the outside in, Alex doesn't look
anything like the standard Silicon
Valley CEO template. Instead of a
computer science degree from Harvard, he
had a philosophy PhD from Frankfurt.
He's also eccentric, or at least that's
the image he likes to put forward with
his long wiry gray hair and obsession
with Tai Chi. But what's most different
about him is his politics. Coming from
one of the most left-leaning philosophy
courses in the world and having studied
under some of the most prominent
academic Marxists, you wouldn't expect
him to be running a company like
Palanteer. It strikes a stark contrast
to Peter Thiel's public politics as well
as he professes to be an ardent
libertarian. And then the circumstances
only get stranger when you learn where
Palanteer really started with their
business. Have you ever caught yourself
reaching for a bad habit without even
thinking about it? Maybe it's out of
stress, boredom, or just wanting to fit
in. Well, that's where Fume comes in.
It's not about quitting, it's about
replacing. Fume, the sponsor of today's
video, offers a simple and enjoyable way
to break away from bad habits while
having something satisfying to reach
for. You see, Fume is an award-winning
flavored air device that delivers great
taste without any harmful chemicals.
Instead of inhaling vapor, you simply
breathe in natural, non-toxic flavors
that satisfy the craving without the
downside. Whether you're looking to keep
your hands busy or curb a nurge, Fume's
premium wooden design is built for both
flavor and function. The magnetic fidget
features add an extra layer of
satisfaction, making it perfect for
relieving stress or staying focused. And
as it's designed with a high quality
build and sleek aesthetics, fume just
feels premium in your hand and is easy
to take anywhere, whether you're at
work, traveling, or just relaxing at
home. Personally, my go-to flavor is
crisp mint because it's super refreshing
and keeps me feeling sharp throughout
the day. But Fume offers tons of
different flavors, so there's something
for everyone. Which is why over 500,000
people have already made the switch to
Fume as part of their habit change
journey. So if you're ready to try it
for yourself, now is the time because
for a limited time, if you order the
Journey Pack using my code Moon, you'll
get a free fume topper, an awesome
accessory to level up your experience.
So click the link
trifume.com/moon or scan the QR code on
screen to get yours today. In 2003, 2
years after the attacks, the atmosphere
was still one of fear and aggression in
America. Maybe Peter Thiel and Alex Karp
and their fellow founders could take
PayPal's anti-fraud framework and apply
this to national security against
similar threats. If they had actually
done this before the attacks, they might
have spotted the strange pattern of
trained pilots taking flights into the
US from high-risisk countries or the
movements of known insurgents before the
attacks themselves. prevention beats a
cure and having the relevant information
put in front of human operatives could
have stopped the entire tragedy before
it ever happened. And so you could see
how this would be a very tantalizing
opportunity for the US. But at first,
nearly all of Palanteer's early capital
came from Teal's own pockets, tens of
millions over the first few years.
Silicon Valley and private hedge funds
laughed them out of their offices. While
they did have the name recognition,
nobody wanted to get involved with
national security. In their eyes, it was
an old, decrepit industry, a relic of a
much more brutal, primitive world. Some
of the only outside money came from what
would end up being Palante's most
important investor, the CIA. Through
their relatively new venture capital
arm, Inqell, the CIA kicked in a few
million to get the ball rolling. Really,
this pald in comparison to what Peter
Till had paid in, but it was the context
and the place in the industry that was
really important. The vote of confidence
meant Palunteer was integrated into the
establishment from the very beginning.
Meanwhile, they brought an innovative
new look at security problems that
stunned most of the big names in the
industry. These were the companies they
were competing with, old names in the
military-industrial complex like Loy
Martin and Bay Systems. While they had
decades of experience and trust, they
lacked the new coat of paint that
Palunteer Silicon Valley Origins gave
them. Alex Cop's plan for the day-to-day
running of the company pushed them
further forward. It was a combination of
classic Silicon Valley tech bro gimmicks
mixed with ruthless efficiency and a
cult-like dedication. Palanteer offers
famously low salaries, but it's the
company culture that keeps people there.
They have the same offerings of bean
bags and video game consoles that other
Silicon Valley companies do, but they
also encourage incredibly long hours.
And interestingly, Alec Car put no focus
whatsoever on sales, sending out the
same people who made the software to
pitch it to clients. With all of this
talk of company culture, though, it's
really easy to underestimate the power
they could theoretically wield. If a
company or a government agency hired
them, they were given them access to all
of the data they had. Palanteer would
feed it into their software and give
them solutions they asked for. But did
they store the data? What did they learn
from it even if they didn't store it?
Each client made Palanteer's software
smarter and made it see clearer.
Knowledge is power and Palanteer turned
data into knowledge. For the first few
years, the company was almost entirely
integrated with the CIA. They were both
one of its biggest investors and its
only client, drip fitting it contracts
as it slowly grew over time. Lots of
this early work was based around
in-house data management. The CIA
already had plenty of information. They
just needed someone to link together and
consolidate their separate databases.
Then the project expanded to their
government organizations and Palanteer
integrated their information as well.
All of this was then put into a unified
platform which government employees
could easily access with the right
clearance. Though the first real test
came with the war on terror, there's no
other arena where data and knowledge is
more important than military
intelligence. It was especially true in
the kinds of wars America was fighting
where they lost far more men and
vehicles to roadside IEDs than to enemy
soldiers. Knowing who the insurgents
were, the location of booby traps and
where they were hiding was absolutely
key. Palanteer offered a solution. Using
the data management technology they'd
been developing, they could put together
all the different sorts of information
that the US was gathering. Drone
footage, satellite imagery, reports from
soldiers on the ground. It was all fed
into their algorithms to figure out who
was an innocent farmer and who was an
enemy combatant. Palanteer called it
their god- eye view. An account from
Annie Jacobson's book, First Platoon,
describes how this worked during the war
in Afghanistan. Palanteer had flagged
what looked like an Afghan farmer
because of one strange detail about him.
Unlike most other Afghan farmers, he
wore a purple hat. Over a period of
weeks, an intelligence operative watched
his daily movements, learning his
patterns. At first, it did just seem too
strange to be true. But then, after
seeing the man lay an IED by the
roadside, it became clear he was working
as an insurgent and a strike was
scheduled. But when the day an
opportunity came, something seemed off
to the operative. The man they were
tracking looked and seen the same, but
he was acting very slightly differently.
If it was up to the software, he would
have been blown sky-high, but the
operative knew something was off. Even
though he was still wearing the purple
hat, he just wasn't acting like he
usually did. Just minutes before the
final call had to be made, the real
target emerged from his home and
confirmed the operative suspicions. The
person they'd been tracking the entire
day was someone completely different,
someone completely innocent. With just
moments to spare, the operative caught
off the strike. And it's these kinds of
mistakes that were dangerously common at
first. When they rolled back the tape,
it turned out that a glitch in the
camera system they had used made a
different man's hat look purple, and
that had caused the confusion. But over
time, Palunteer's systems got much more
sophisticated. Soon, they began being
able to accurately predict people's
future movements. We know of all of this
because someone in the loop talked about
it after the fact, but we don't know how
many mistakes they usually make or think
they made. The data is just obviously
not publicly available to us, but it
hasn't stopped this technology
developing incredibly quickly, and the
effects are harder to see. Palanteer may
have well prevented lots of bad things
from happening. But it might have also
caused lots of them as well. All the
mistakes they made and the patterns they
saw led to realworld actions. Soldiers
almost certainly interrogated innocent
civilians because the system flagged
them as untrustworthy. Harsh measures
and military force will have made
regular people more bitter and angry,
pushing them towards insurgency. There's
nothing to gain in making something more
efficient if the war itself is useless
and endless anyway, only creating more
conflict later on. An endless series of
wars is perfect for Palanteer, though,
as it lets them test out their gadgets
in various war zones across the world,
optimizing their system to be as deadly
and accurate as possible. And today, we
can commonly find it in use in Ukraine
and Gaza. And now, most of the job is
just done by AI with very little human
intervention or decision required. a
kind of chatbot style program provided
by Palanteer offers up suggestions to
commanders like a waiter making
recommendations off a wine list. But
they're also now getting into hardware
building AI powered tanks and other
weapon systems. And with the world going
in the direction it currently is, it's
absolutely no wonder why everyone's now
talking about them and their stock has
shut up dramatically. as this technology
and integration with the US deep states
would be enough by itself to make
Palanteer incredibly powerful. But it
definitely isn't enough for Alex Carb
Teal or Palanteer. Instead, they decided
to turn their gaze inwards to use the
same surveillance technology on the home
front. Using these same systems,
Palanteer has been an essential partner
of police forces across the West for
years now. They've been most famous for
their software that lets police
departments engage in something known as
predictive policing. In the same way
that Palanteer predicted which Afghan
farmers were insurgents, they can also
predict which regular people are
involved with crime. Based on all the
data that police forces have about
people, they can draw up district or
citywide maps of where crime is likely
to occur. They can then suggest patrol
routes where to station officers and
even which people to arrest. These
systems often do nothing to actually
counteract the inherent bias in the data
they're given. When police patrol more
often a given area, they find more crime
and make more reports that then gets fed
into the system, which tells the police
to invest more resources into that
specific high crime area. But this is
definitely not the worst part of the
system, though. You see, Vice obtained
documents given by Palanteer to a
California police force they had a
contract with in 2016, and the details
were shocking. With their easy to use
system, a police officer could simply
type someone's name in and learn a
staggering amount of information about
them. Palanteer would tell them what
their email address was, their phone
number, their date of birth, and their
address. With just a license plate
number, it could look at footage from
public CCTV and figure out specific
locations you'd been over a period of
years, building up a complete pattern of
movement. It could even link you to
other people you spend time with and
find out info on them as well. This is
an invaluable tool in the hands of
someone looking to control people. Both
Orwell and a thousand historical
dictators couldn't have dreamed of a
more effective tool for keeping track of
their peoples's movements, patterns, and
inner private lives. So, aren't we lucky
that our leaders are so much more
responsible and trustworthy?
Unfortunately, it isn't just policing
either. Palanteer has gotten its claws
into every level of government. In the
UK, the National Health Service recently
signed a deal to hand over the entirety
of their data, a treasure trove of
medical records and patient info to
Palanteer. And the laughable thing is
that they don't get paid for this. In
fact, it's the UK taxpayers that are
paying Palanteer $500 million to manage
and analyze this for the government.
This data, which should have remained
private anyway, is invaluable for
fighting future pandemics and assessing
how effective different treatments are.
Experts have described this as being one
of the most valuable resources the UK
had. The US had nothing to compare
because of its separated private
healthcare system. It's like Saudi
Arabia paying a private company to take
their oil off their hands. and now it's
in Palanteer's hands along with all the
confidential patient data that came
along with it. The irony of all of this
is that Palanteer's biggest investor,
founder, and shareholder, Peter Till, is
keen on advertising how libertarian he
really is. He pays lip service to the
talking points on podcasts, makes a
splash in political circles by donating
to Republicans, and he was the first big
name from Silicon Valley to jump on the
Trump train. We're voting for Trump
because we judge the leadership of our
country to have failed. Now that someone
different is in the running, someone who
rejects the false reassuring stories
that tell us everything is fine. But the
fact is though that this all runs
completely counter to what he does and
who he really is. He literally owns the
company that's pioneering the new deep
state, an unholy union between Silicon
Valley privacy invasion and deep state
power. It isn't just taking over the
world. It already has. And now Palante
is coming out of the shadows with the
IPO and their public contracts with big
banks and corporations. All of
Carpenter's political theatrics are a
smoke screen for their true place in the
power structure. The maintenance and
extension of the surveillance state is a
bipartisan issue for them. One of the
only things they agree on. Those in
power, be they Democrats or Republicans,
Labor or Conservatives, are always
pushing it a little bit further. This is
why Palanteers grown so quickly and will
grow even larger over time. They fit
right into the same moldy old power
structure, increasing its reach into
people's lives. Meanwhile, they profit
from conflict, chaos, and fear. Even
their name makes reference to this,
Palunteer. In the Lord of the Rings, the
Palanteer were magical orbs which could
be used to see things across great
distances like an allseeing eye. Alex
Karp insists that the company's role is
to protect the Shire. The way you
dominate the future is you dominate the
present. I want America to be American
in a thousand years. and they often
boast about all the tragedies they've
prevented over the years, but people
never asked for their sinister
protection. We don't even know the
extent of how much freedom we've lost
because of all of this. Meanwhile, both
Karp and Tal have enriched themselves to
the tune of billions of dollars, and the
stock market is going absolutely crazy
for Palanteer. And thank you Fume for
sponsoring this video. Remember to check
them out with the link in the
description below.