Okay, it's 3.30 and I'm getting ready to go to sleep. I kind of just wanted to cover the most recent update. My primary role is to accelerate the clarity for the direction and granular tasks that the LogoMesh team is moving towards. I have not yet had the time to revise the documentation past proposing an idea for using simple graph theory to visualize the contextual relationship between all documents in the logs and docs subdirectories. Please see the following directory. Logs slash technical slash 20251122 dash documentation dash graph dash setup dot md. 

This file is a work in progress. So, I was thinking about that documentation graph setup file that I just mentioned and how it compares to the other file, which touches on the first proposed logic for the contextual integrity score. That document is located at the following directory. Docs slash strategy underscore and underscore ip slash capital doc dash revisions slash 20251118 dash lowercase proposed dash section dash 2.2 dot md. So, this document in particular that I just mentioned the rough file path for goes into specific functions and logic for the contextual integrity score. And it's all proposed. So, none of it is implemented. There's a gap analysis and also a strategic pivot plan that was created in the following subdirectory. Logs slash technical slash 20251118 dash logs slash ip underscore and underscore business slash 20251118 dash strategic dash pivot dash plan dash cis dash formulation dot md. So, obviously, this would be a proposed strategy. So, obviously, this would be a proposed strategic pivot plan to implement the current recovery plan, which is at the following subdirectory. Logs slash technical slash 20251118 underscore recovery underscore plan dot md, which is the most recent plan in active implementation. the most recent implementation of the plan was task 1.2. 

So basically, okay, I've been talking for about three minutes here. Basically, what I'm trying to touch on is before I can approach the implementation of this plan, I have to clear up my documents folders and subdirectories and my logs folder and subdirectories. So when I mentioned the file at the beginning, which is the log file documentation graph setup, that's just proposing using simple graph theory to visualize the contextual relationship between all the documents. And what I want to do is I want to, here's my big idea, my big brain idea. It's to attempt to understand the first proposed logic for the contextual integrity score by trying to apply that logic to the documentation graph setup plan and its most recent implementations. And then basically have the result of that plan be viewable in the respective website in the root onboarding folder, which contains an array of HTML pages and all that. So my goal is to basically understand which documents reference each other. That's the high level plan, right? Understand which documents reference each other. Deeper into the plan, that means actually using graph theory. Deeper into that, I want to use the specific contextual integrity score math. But the problem is I don't, like, I'm thinking, like, okay, yeah, code has to be written for this potentially. But maybe we could, you know, there's no better way for me to phrase this, but maybe we could dumb the code down or at least compress the proposed functionality of the contextual integrity score just to tackle this simple documentation problem. And I don't want to create a score of contextual debt for this problem. But I just would like to, I just want to see the connections. So for the LLM reading this file, it would definitely benefit to kind of just tackle the current logic logic in the onboarding subfolders and see how it connects to the new web server that's under maintenance. Since the web server is not functional, there's no rudimentary display of the docs file and the logs file, respectively. So, and we also need to see how those subdirectories connect to each other, too. Like the docs, how does the docs directory connect to the logs directory and vice versa? Because I feel like it's kind of inefficient to have two separate folders in the root directory that serve as a documentation ground. So, and then on top of all of this, another really big problem that we're going to have to resolve as we're going through this is if we need to create a documentation revisionary slash transfer slash upgrade plan, once we've, once we've reached a consensus on how to most efficiently move, archive, and rename the existing documentation to create better context. Okay, because that's, that's the biggest problem. All the names of the documents and the location of these documents and how the documents reference each other using the existing file paths. That's the biggest problem, right? So let's say that I rename one document and I move it to a different subdirectory. Well, all the places where that document was originally referenced in other documents is suddenly outdated and it can cause a lot of problems. So, when I update the names of the documents, I need to somehow use this overarching plan that I've created to efficiently update where that document is referenced and how it's referenced in order to ensure that the context stays clear. Okay, and then at the same time, I'll have to create a log file that covers the updates of all of the documents for this revisionary process. So that has to be part of the document revision plan. 

So, yeah, that, that just about covers it. I'm going to use AI to summarize this because I've been talking for eight minutes straight, but I think this is a good idea. I think this is my big brain approach. So that's what you can label this. 

Okay, full stop. V- 

Okay,- Okay. 