Hello Josh. Hi Deepthi. Can you hear me okay? Yes. I hope you had a very beautiful Christmas. Happy Merry Christmas to you and your family. Oh thank you. Yeah Merry Christmas. It was pretty good. It was a pretty peaceful Christmas. Oh okay. Sometimes I refrain from sharing because I don't know some people don't celebrate right so. Oh that's okay. Do you celebrate Christmas? We wish everyone but not formally like not a Christmas tree. I think that maybe the next generation may do it. Oh yeah. Yeah fair enough. No we didn't have time to put up a tree this year either so you know it's alright. Oh is your mom doing okay? I think you said no. She's been okay. Like not great but we're working with her doctors to get her the proper treatment. And they're just like it's just taking a while. The process is kind of taking a long time so it's just like a lot of medical visits. But other than that she's doing okay. I hope she gets better. You know. Christmas brings surprises to everyone. I wish you all the best. That's right. Yeah. We're hoping for a good Christmas miracle. That would be fun. But yeah I don't know. I hope you've been having a good break too. Yeah I've been busy with a lot of things. You know so but this is my prime important thing that I want to spend time on. So I'm sorry I missed the meeting last week. That was like Saturday I had an interview. And nowadays they are having this video interview where you have to record yourself and I was like going by and I'm so anxious. So I'm sorry I couldn't do it that day I think last week Saturday so. It's okay. It's alright. You didn't miss too much. I get those video interviews. I've had one of those before and it was very nerve wracking. So I completely understand. How did your interview with the video interview? 

Oh wow. So I you know I sent my interview in and I didn't hear back from them for about like two or three months and they only gave me the job because they needed an extra person for a couple weeks. And then after that I just I stopped working with them. But I think it was fun. But yeah the the interview itself was very nerve wracking because I don't really know like if they saw all of my outtakes you know. Oh okay okay. Yeah nowadays they are asking you to submit your videos and then they have AI evaluated and then it goes further so. It's not like somebody in front of you whom you are talking to it's you know you don't know where it is. Oh geez. Yeah that's that's daunting. That's that's pretty scary. I hope I hope it continues to go well for you though. You know with all that. Hang in there. Yes. Thank you. Thank you for your wishes. Okay let's go back to your document and then you can share your input and then I can also share some that I have and also what I can contribute to so. Sure. Yeah I'll just go right ahead. So I was basically taking a look at the the green agent and the purple agent that Samuel made and then I was also looking at the red agent that that Mark made you know Quan. And you know since he showed so much interest in the lambda track I did you know we already talked about how we're doing a dual track. The next step of the plan is for me to consult consolidate the agents and like migrate all of the code into the current structure that we have. And and it's going to involve it's going to involve a few like kind of specific things that I'll need help with probably with like surrounding node.js that I don't completely understand. Like they're like we're gonna have to build a container with node.js and and Python and it's going to be it's going to get pretty pretty complex so I'm not going to attempt I'm not going to attempt this alone. And I don't I don't know how familiar you are with those things but I was hoping like maybe you had some opinions about that but it's okay if you don't because there's there's a lot of moving parts here. I also haven't talked with like Mark or Samuel about this stuff yet Samuel also missed the last couple meetings Mark made the Mark was able to come to the to the last meeting. So he's he understands what I'm like approaching but I think I think what I know least about is like I haven't really compared Samuel's purple agent to Mark's blue agent right because they're they're essentially the same thing. There's a there's a few key differences but what I'm hoping to do is basically adapt Mark's blue agent so that it meets the requirements for both tracks. And then when we do the submission. It'll just it'll just work out because it meets all the requirements for both things. So there's there there are some documents. I think I still have to like I have to check my work. I have to double check my work there because I haven't made a full on comparison of blue versus purple yet. But I think the Margaret the migration plan like partially addresses that. But yeah that's hmm. Oh yeah, that's that's pretty much all I had to say about that. I also have some like questions for Mark and Samuel that I need to ask them since I'm probably going to be changing some of their code. Oh also Allah, you know Aladdin. He had some comments about it because right now. Samuel's code has like an LLM as a judge as a comparison. And he was like he said that we should like go a little bit deeper than that because we're kind of playing with fire if we're just using an LLM as a judge. And I agree with that. I think we need to look into that a little bit more. But yeah other than that things are getting pretty clean. We're just steadily chugging chugging along. So yeah, I know it's a lot. So when you meet with Samuel and Mark and Allah is it a combined meeting or is it like one on one? It's it's mostly combined. What I what I did this time was I hosted a meeting in the morning and then I hosted a meeting in the afternoon. So that I could get like as many people in. And Mark was in the morning one. And then the afternoon one was with I think it was with Allah. I want to say, yeah, the afternoon. Yeah. I would I would be available for all of these meetings. You know, it was just that video interview that was making me nervous. So, yeah, I do to be in these meetings to meet with them to see in addition to what you're seeing, like what their proposal is. And then also provide some. Yeah, that would be good. That would be good. It's OK if you can't make it. But yeah, that that would be good. So when when I plan the next one, I can't decide when I'm going to schedule it again, because I don't know if people are still like kind of enjoying their break or if they want to jump back in. But I think we're most likely going to meet probably probably after New Year's at this rate. But what I am going to do is send a message to everybody and kind of ask them, like, you know, how they're how they're feeling about the project. I do think I think a lot would probably be open to me because he sent me a message about a day ago. So I think he'd be interested in having a little meeting. But yeah, I've kind of just been like letting people enjoy their break so that they can, you know, be refreshed and ready to jump back in. So is the latest one you have is that Polyglot agent one, the consolidation work summary? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's that should be sorry. No, no, no. Go ahead, please. Yeah. So that one, I think that one addresses the issue. I'm having trouble accessing the document because I'm in I'm in a parking lot right now. But oh, here here it is. I have it. I had it open. I read through it. I saw the proposal. And then I see now that we have a green agent, which is an evaluator. Yeah, we have a red agent, which is going to create the attacks. And then we also have a purple agent, which is a consolidation of two. One is, you know, defender, kind of. Yeah. And then there was one more, which is actually, yeah. Oh, the blue. The green is basically an evaluator. Basically, you're saying green agent is an LLM judge, but at a deeper level. Is that right? Yeah. So ideally, what it does is it takes that LAMA 7DB model. Right. But right now, right now, Samuel has it hooked up so that it uses a chat GPT API. So we need to change that so that because of the competition requirements state that it needs to use a model that runs off of an NVIDIA H100 chip. And I think we're going in the direction of LLM7 DB. But I have to double check who suggested that and who's aware of that. LLAMA is the meta model, right? I think so. Yeah, I think LLAMA is by meta. I forgot who suggested that model. So I think we need to figure that out. Okay. So because it's open, the LLAMA model, I just, you know, at a high level, I don't know, LLAMA 7B, I read recently that this kind of a failure. Really? 

Maybe we should look into finding a better one then. Well, we have the models from Anthropic and then from OpenAI and then from Amazon. Are we supposed to use LLAMA? I can share the, you know, I read this a few months ago. And then I tied it back to my company where I had proposed them, you know, they were going to go when it came open source. So we'll go with this. This is free. We don't need to go with OpenAI. I said, no, no, no, don't stop because you think it is free because it's open source. But first of all, it's going to use all your information, which we don't worry about. Right. But the other part is, and then I keep reading through their evaluations. They said it's not good. Oh. So how did we come to that conclusion to use? So, so, so, I, I don't think anybody's committed to it yet. So what I'll do is I'll, I'll, I'll ask Mark, um, what he's been working with, because I know that he's, uh, he's used, uh, some of the Lambda cloud compute. So I think he's loaded a model. I'll ask him what model he's used. Um, but yeah, I, I agree. I think we should find a better model than. No, Lambda is just, uh, is the fastest model. It says Lambda for Scout, fastest and most affordable. Uh, there is one from Kira or something that has gone up. Um, okay. Okay. Overall, I would have, model comparison, the recent one, Lama is nowhere near the top. And, uh-huh. So, I, maybe what we should do is find the best model that can run on an NVIDIA, uh, I think, I think it's an H100 chip. I think that's the restraint. Uh, okay. So, as long as, as long as the model can run on the single chip. Um. Which one is the chip? The GPU. The GPU. Yeah, uh, yeah. H is in happy. Uh, okay. So, so we need to, we find a model that runs on. Okay. Yeah, I think, I think that's in the, I think that's the constraint. Uh, but I'm not sure. Uh. Uh, okay. So, I, we need to verify that. Uh, okay. Yeah, I can verify that also. Thanks. And the, and. From what I understand, it, it has 80 gigabytes of, of RAM. So, the, the model should be slightly under that to run properly. Uh, okay. That's good to know. Thank you. I'll also read through the instruction. Now, the second question I have is, um, so earlier, uh, in the document says, yeah, SAML's code is a terminal prompt, right? Where on the term you input the data and you get the results. But are we looking to present the information on a web page? That's why you're looking into node.js, right? Oh, um, yeah. Yeah. I think it, I haven't fully committed to that, but yes, I, I think that's a good idea. Um, because we want to make it convenient for the judges, but I guess at the same time, we don't want it to be bloated with, uh, with a bunch of like web code. So, I'm kind of undecided, but I'm leaning towards the direction of, of doing web UI for it. So, the node.js proposal and the polyglot proposal is, uh, from a team base or is it, uh, the consolidated proposal from you coming to the team? Um, it's, it's mostly from me. Uh, what the team agreed on was basically just the high level structure of how the agents are going to interact with each other. Um, and I've just been trying to figure out the how. Like, yeah, it's, sorry. Sorry? This is, this is very good to have a web page rather than terminal front because not many people know how to do it. And then it doesn't give you, you know, I like presentation is the, presentation itself gets like, uh, 50% of the points. Uh, so if we go on term base, even if the function, the models, uh, the agents are the best, but if people have to use a term to see the result, those are, you know, we're going to get, uh, uh, rank lower rather than showing it on the web. So, this is good. Um, that's why I asked. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. We want to make it convenient. Um, so, yeah. Is there anything else? Cause I, I would like, I'm sorry, I have to wrap things up in a couple minutes here, but, um, if you have any, like, if you have any other concerns, um, uh, please let me know so I can make note of it. Um, and like ahead of, uh, planning the next meeting. Um, uh, so I can put my meeting minutes here and then add questions to the, or add a review to this document. Is that good? Yeah. That would be great. Uh, and one more question. Initially, we only wanted green and purple agent, but now we're looking at green agent and a red agent and a blue agent and a purple agent. Uh, is that going to be okay for the competition or is that more of that? So, uh, we are going to show them only green and purple. We are going to show them only green and purple. The rest of it is just our internal, the red and the blue. So, so it's, I'll, I'll make it simple. So Lambda track, uh, has the blue agent mostly configured and they want us to build the red agent. And then the custom green track has, um, like basically just a framework for us to build the green agent into and a framework for the mock purple agent, but like not really anything else. So what I'm doing is I'm taking advantage of the Lambda tracks blue agent and I'm converting it into the appropriate structure for the mock purple. And then I'm configuring the Lambda red agent to work with the mock purple. And then I'm using the green agent to evaluate, uh, the mock purple's, um, already structured, uh, coding skills from what Lambda gave us. Um, and as well as, as well as the, uh, red agent, but mostly, um, it's like, have you heard the phrase, uh, like, iron sharpens iron. So by, by having, by having a devoted attacker agent for Lambda and then a blue slash purple agent for the defender, we're able to, um, evaluate. We're able to evaluate whether or not our green agent is doing a good job at evaluating. Right. We have, we have, it's a fail safe. It's like, you know, just in case the green agent thinks the code is good, but Mark's red agent is still able to find some weak spots. Then it gives us a way to refine our green agent further. Okay. So it's, it's, it's basically for the, it's mostly for the stress testing, but we will be submitting to both tracks. We, we will be submitting Mark's red agent to Lambda along with the mock blue slash purple, and we will be submitting the green to the custom track with the mock blue slash purple. Okay. Great. And then, uh, are they still using, uh, is Mark using cloud or Mark using, uh, uh, the other one, he uses the Amazon one, Akira. Okay. He's using Kira and, uh, he's already, he's already used, uh, uh, the Lambda instance to, uh, test out some of the agent configuration stuff, but I, I don't know what kind of work he's done. So I need to check with him. And then, uh, Allah, Aladdin, he uses Kira as well. Um, and then Samuel uses Claude. Yeah. Okay. Uh, yeah. In the next meeting, I, is that okay? If I won't take much of your time to meet with, uh, Mark, I'll reach out to him to see how he's doing it. Yeah. Uh, just to get some input onto, you know, if we need any refinement or anything and I'll post my comments there. Is that good? Sure. Yeah. That's, that's perfect. And, um, yeah, you can, you can check out the mirror board too. Uh, that's good. That gives like a very simple overview of what we're trying to accomplish with how the agents interact with each other. Um, like the whole. Oh, okay. The one that was very nicely done. Uh, and then the diagram I had put last week, then we need to refine it, right? Based on what we are discussing here with additional agents. Yeah, that, that would be good. So, if you could, uh, point me towards, uh, where that is. Is that from your last, uh, meeting minutes? Uh, not from the meeting minutes. Uh, not from the meeting minutes. I, I mean, uh, based on the documents that we shared and decided on, I built that based on the new track of combining Lambda track and custom track. I will share the diagram, but then I'll modify it and then share another one. Leave that there. I'll add another one. Okay. Yeah. That, that's perfect. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much, Josh. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Deep D. I know we got a lot of stuff. We got a lot of moving parts, but things are looking up. So, I, I appreciate you meeting with me today. And, um, yeah, thanks for, uh, offering to reach out to Mark too. Hopefully you guys can. Yeah. And then check on the Lama and the chip and then node.js and then, uh, hopefully have the combined meeting next week. Meanwhile, I'll do some work here. Thank you so much. Yeah. Appreciate it. Okay. Well, yeah. Have a good rest of your day, you know? You too. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. 